Add infoblock to playing with neon page (#2288)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/get-started-with-neon/signing-up.md

updatedOn: '2024-08-06T15:23:10.945Z'
---

<InfoBlock>
<DocsList title="What you will learn:">

> <p>The Neon object hierarchy, starting with the **Project**.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>The Neon object hierarchy, starting with the **Project**</p>
```

> <p>The Neon object hierarchy, starting with the **Project**.</p>

Reviewer: How to view and modify data in the console

Author: added

> <p>How to create dev branches that periodically reset from main.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>How to create dev branches and reset them from main</p>
```
